But AI, Dax, just like, well, have AI do it, whatever you can't do.
I do not use AI to do it, so if you want to do that better than me.
Do you feel really depressed today?
I don't know if depressed is the right word.
Go down.
You feel a little energy.
I feel a little low energy.
Do you woke up like that?
Well, yeah.
I'm out of my normal sleeping habits, so I'm getting up really late, and that's from
the conference and all that, and there's just a lot of little things, a lot of little
things.
Hey, I fixed my hair for you, though.
That's good.
Appreciate that.
I mean, I only did it because I was getting ready to turn on the thing.
I just started shoving it.
It does.
I think it does make a difference as stupid as it is.
No, I know it does.
I just forget to do it, and then there you are.
I think it's a mix of things, right?
There's probably actual stuff you had to figure out, which might be depressing to you.
Yeah.
Which we haven't talked about, and then, but also like, just like being at a conference
and like drinking a bunch, I definitely depletes stuff in your brain, so.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah.
I'm physically, I'm still recovering.
It's been two days ago I got home, not yesterday, the day before.
No.
I don't want Saturday.
It's been three days.
I still feel physically like my throat, my voice is coming back still, like just from
being in loud bars where everybody's yelling.
Why do we do that as adults?
Why is that a thing that we do?
I don't understand.
Can we not just like not play music or be in a place where you can actually hear someone
if you're going to like spend time with people?
Why is it have to be so loud you can't hear?
I don't understand.
Yeah.
Sounds so old.
No, I know.
I definitely have felt that too.
But part of me also kind of likes, like I hate it, but I like it.
Like it's just like a it's definitely inconvenient and annoying, but also just like kind of like
a specific vibe.
I don't know.
Do you just not talk?
No, I talk a lot about me just like screaming.
Yeah.
Do you end up with this like your voice hurts the next day every time?
My voice hurts.
That's what we're all doing.
I actually don't hear people when they say stuff to me.
So I just laugh and nod and I'm usually laughing at the wrong times.
Okay.
So I don't recommend I don't recommend three days of that.
I don't I don't drink like I don't like put a lot of substances in my body, but then like
go to a tech conference.
It's like this is the time to do it hanging out with people.
People just met kind of like make it easier to hang out and be more socially.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Yeah, it's too much.
It's too much.
It's like a one day tech conference.
I want a one day tech party because like one day of that.
Sure.
Yeah, that's true.
Three.
Not as much.
How does it feel like the age range at the conference, like let's be honest, like most
people are not their bodies can't handle three days of partying.
Yeah.
Like myself included.
It's like unless you've like are constantly doing that or like yours or an age, I feel
like it's just very difficult.
So yeah.
Yeah.
It's tough.
Again, it's just I think the dream we want is it's not possible like a one day tech party
minimal talks.
No one is going to actually go to that because no company is going to pay for that and just
going somewhere for one day is like a lot for people.
Yeah.
Can we say all that out loud?
Some of the things we've said in private?
Yeah.
I just amped it up more than I needed to.
I just got people there.
It's parked up.
But like the idea that tech conferences, there's this whole charade.
This is what DAX, this is DAX is in sight.
I'm not trying to blame you.
I'm just trying to like make sure to give you credit because DAX pointed out that like
we have to pretend that it's some educational thing.
All these talks, everyone prepares for talks, everyone gets excited and submits their talks.
They get accepted.
They do the talks.
All the talks are pointless.
It's also dumb.
I'm just learning anything from a talk.
It's just not.
Nobody's like going to a tech conference and leaving like man.
Now I understand that concept so well because of that talk.
And if you do, watch them on YouTube.
It's just so dumb.
It's all made up and it's what's the theory DAX?
The theory is that people have to sell it as educational to get their company to pay for
them to go because they're not going to pay for them to go to a party.
These things are okay.
So one, we all like these things, we like going to a place that is cool and having it's
like summer camp.
It's like three days, structured stuff, hang out with people.
You relate to people you know from online.
Have a good time effectively just partying.
But this is expensive.
You got to fly there.
You got to book tickets.
You got to pay for the conference so that they can pay for the venue, et cetera, et cetera.
And the scam that people figured out is if we make it seem like educational stuff, then
there's an argument for your company to pay for it.
And in fact, most of these conferences actually give you like a pre-made letter that you can
give to your boss as to like why they should pay for your payment.
It makes complete sense.
But then the day, I have seen incredible talks before, always on YouTube, because I've never
like seen them live, but it's like one in 100 and most talks are very mediocre, including
the one that I gave.
So I'm like, don't be myself in with this.
And the reality that nobody says is if you go to a conference and look around, either
half the seats are empty because people aren't even showing up to the talks.
And then people that are there are like listening in and out, but like kind of on their phones.
And everyone's mostly just counting the time down to like, okay, I'll just do one talk.
So I don't feel like I didn't do any, then they'll go and they'll hang out with other
people.
So it is like a charade, which is kind of funny.
But then the day we're just there to have a party.
Yeah.
And I like all the people that are doing the talks.
So you go to some talks because you just like the person and you just want to like support
them.
But I don't know, maybe there are some people, I realized I said some extreme things.
Maybe there are some people that have taken something away from talks that they listen
to in person.
I can't overgeneralize everything.
For me, it just feels like a whole lot of like charade, I don't know, just like a big
facade.
Yeah.
It's obviously not zero because, but I mean, I think about this from like an ROI perspective
is as like having a company that is told you're supposed to be sending people from your company
to these talks, because whatever your company does, they send people to go do talks about
their company, product, whatever.
But if you just spend like 30 seconds thinking about it, it doesn't make any sense because
the reach of your talk is like just going to be the people in the room, which you know,
was like a hundred people.
Yeah.
So you're going to send someone and pay for all that to like reach 100 people.
Maybe it like goes up on YouTube and maybe it gets like a little bit more.
But you could just done that on your own in the first place.
So the ROI for sending a speakers does not make any sense.
It is funny though, because when I was there, and I gave my talk for React Miami, I had
someone come up to me after and they were like, oh, because my talk was about deploying
next to AWS.
They were like, oh, wow, like this is something that my infra team has been trying to figure
out.
And like they're like stuck on how complicated it is.
I don't know.
Next to the thing.
I see what the thing.
Awesome.
Like so glad I heard this.
Okay, that's really great.
And I'm so glad that person found like we were able to connect in that way.
But that's literally one person, you know, like if I made any YouTube video, like I guarantee
you, I would have gotten more than one person.
So the ROI just is not there.
So it just nobody wants to think too hard about this or say it out loud because we all
like it.
Like we all like it.
I mean, it's fun.
It's a good time.
I don't want to go away.
I just, I wish there were some way to like, I don't know, feel like less of it was fake.
And I, all the trappings, all the things that come with the talk side of it just kind of
like are annoying to me.
I don't know.
It just feels like what?
Well, like having to go to any of them.
And I had to sit, I had to set a couple of them because it's like, everybody's going,
we got to go support whoever and I like these people again, I like the people a lot.
I just don't.
I don't need to sit in your talk.
Like I just don't need to hear somebody talk about something.
I don't really care.
I don't know.
Maybe there'd be a talk that would totally change my perspective on all this.
If I like sat in it and it was like, just cut through, I don't know, it was like something
about the emotion of seeing the speaker on stage, like, I don't know, maybe it could
have happened, but it's never happened for me.
I think the angle we should take is we all know we have to do talks because it needs
to come for all the reasons we just said, like I need to, the company needs to think
it's an educational thing.
But let's all acknowledge that talks are innately boring and let's try to make them more interesting.
Yeah, so if I think about React Miami, I did go to, so there were two talks there on the
first day that I thought were really good.
One was Ken Wheeler's.
The other one was Sunil's.
So Ken's was about using Chrome DevTools more, which I think foundation that actually was
a good topic because it's not like most people just kind of lightly use Chrome DevTools.
So it's cool to see like all the other features you're missing out on.
Yeah.
And two, he's just like an entertaining, funny speaker, like it was just like fun to listen
and talk.
Same with Sunil, right?
You know, it's like a fantastic speaker.
He was had like jokes on every slide, like everyone was, you can just, that was my first
day at the conference.
And really first day of really listening to talks anywhere, ever.
And I was looking around the whole day and people seemed so disengaged and when the two
of them came on, there were lots of speakers to go.
Everyone was like, no, eyes perked, like focused and like way more engaged.
So there's clearly like a skill range here.
I don't think it's, I actually don't think it's like, oh, some people are just good at
it and other people aren't.
And I think it's just, you have, you got to remember that what you're trying to do is
kind of inherently boring.
So if you just acknowledge that, I think you end up making something a little bit different
and it ends up doing, but like just acknowledge that everyone's here at a party.
This is to get to the talks so they can go to the party.
So make that as least boring as a process experience for them.
I think you end up with something good.
Yeah.
No, that makes sense.
It kind of like applies to the conversations we've had around like YouTube as well.
I mean, just the idea that like our industry just gets so serious.
We just get so serious about all this stuff.
And I don't know what the dynamic there is, like if it's just trying to like help the
people who are brand new to it, I don't know, but I feel like it's a little too stodgy.
All of our talking head videos, I'm never making another like, here's my tag video again.
Not one.
I promise you.
Except for the one that you have recorded, even published, or are you all out?
I'm not publishing it.
I'm all out.
Wow.
I'm just, I'm done with making like, here's my shoulders up, talking head, talk about
a thing video.
Yeah.
That I don't really care to make.
And no one cares to watch.
Like I'm not doing anymore.
I'm not making them.
It's just like a talk.
It's like doing a talk, but on YouTube, I'm just done.
Done.
Yeah.
I think, I'm trying to think who, I think this might have been Elizabeth pointed this
out to me at one point.
She mentioned that this is probably a big way, probably not even on the topic of tech.
I think this is more like a general topic.
I think she talks about how when you're like younger and experienced, you're obsessed
with being taken seriously.
So you're like incapable of finding the humor and things are coming across in a way that's
not like totally serious, because you're so like insecure, like vulnerable about like,
I need to be taken seriously.
Yeah.
And then that inherently makes for boring content.
And then you'll see that the people that are really the people like listening to and
are really like fun to listen to, they tend to be a little bit more experienced.
You can tell like they like truly just don't care about being seen as like someone smart.
And ironically, that makes them, that like, that's what makes people think they're smart,
right?
Like, obviously when someone like doesn't care, you like definitely like buy into it.
It's more genuine.
And the two guys, this is like Ken and Sunil, like they're not up there trying to be like,
I'm really smart.
Please like walk away from this talk thinking that I was smart.
Yep.
And the side effect is it's, it's ends up being the best content.
Yeah.
Okay.
So there's lessons to apply there across the board.
Yeah.
So can we talk about the Apple thing?
I know this is a big shift from the content talk we're doing, but yeah, what are your thoughts?
What's your initial take?
I've so, so many.
So I guess let me set it up a little bit.
So for me personally, maybe I haven't talked about it too much, but I'm like, I've been
a huge enthusiast in this space in general for a very long time.
Like I don't specifically is that we are like all of the consumer electronics.
No.
Okay.
Got it.
That's the other side of things.
I own the first development kit of the oculus.
It's a second development kit of the oculus, then like the, then like the actual full product.
The last one I've bought was a valid index, which I think at this point is one of the best
ones.
You can best like VR headsets you get and I've just been kind of following the space closely
and I've seen it develop over time.
Yeah.
Pretty much from the beginning of it, I've been hands on with it.
So I was very excited about this because I can like look at the issues that I've seen
and see like where Apple is pushing the bar.
So I have a ton of thoughts on this.
But yeah, I want to know like, what was your kind of initial reaction, everything?
Well, I've never owned a VR headset.
Have you tried it though?
So I have the opposite perspective.
I think I've tried it one time at like a jump mania kind of place, one of those trampoline
places.
They had like a VR thing.
I think that's the only time I've ever done VR and I could be forgetting, but I'm pretty
sure and it was like you're like throwing snowballs at each other.
I did it with my eight year old.
So I don't know how good that tech was.
I have no idea, but this headset like shows you the outside world.
Doesn't it?
Or does it do both?
It does both.
So it's it's AR and VR.
It's effectively a VR headset.
It's like you think of it just a VR headset except it has cameras on the outside.
So it can show a video of the outside to your face.
Oh, so you're it's not actually transparent.
No.
I didn't watch the keynote.
So I've just like picked up bits and pieces.
Yeah.
And it's a little unclear from their presentation.
Like it's it's clear if you like read some of the, some of the, a few journalists got
like a 30 minute demo of it and they wrote up about it.
Yeah.
But okay.
So let me summarize a few things.
So from the beginning of this whole thing with the first Oculus that like kind of kick
started this, like this, this current push we have on VR, there's been a few like things
that have been annoying.
So one is the raw resolution going to each eye.
When that is low, you have this effect where it feels like you're looking through a screen
door.
Because like the pixels are so close to your eyes.
So like when you're looking at stuff, it looks like it looks, it feels like you're in
like a low resolution world.
So if you look at something like text, it's like not very crisp.
So when people wanted to use these things, okay, replace my monitor with it.
It wasn't really viable because you're looking at like, yeah, I think a really bad resolution
screen.
It doesn't feel exactly right.
That's one thing.
The second thing is field of view.
So this thing goes over your eyes, but it doesn't cover your whole field of vision.
So like the sides of your view, you'll see like, it's black because there's actually
no screen there.
Yeah.
Well, that kills the effect.
So the impact is you feel like you're looking through a rectangle to like look into the
world.
This has gotten better over time and it's like, it's not like a deal breaker, but it definitely
is something that is very different from what you see in the demos where you see or like
the marketing videos where you see like the person being enveloped by some image.
Yeah.
And then the third thing is just the ergonomics of putting something bulky on your head.
You sweat.
Yeah.
It feels weird.
And then the motion sickness thing where like, if there's any kind of delay with your
head movement and the image moving, like that causes motion sickness for people to varying
degrees, the first version of this stuff was really, really bad as someone that doesn't
really get motion sick.
Like that, even that for me, like it was killing me.
Too much.
Yeah.
The latest stuff.
It's mostly really good.
I think at least for someone like me that is not that affected.
Just some experiences, it just depends on like the experience you're having like some experiences
like really mess with your head and it's really crazy.
Like, it's totally fake.
It's just like an image being projected in front of your eyes.
But you'll feel like like really often sick and it's crazy that you probably can do that.
So with the Apple headset, the Apple Vision Pro, it seems like they fixed the first one.
So I think the pixel density is very high.
All the reviews that I've seen, other people have experienced it have said that text looked
really crisp.
Like you can actually like look and read that's read things.
This has another effect of like this concept of, oh, can I like be in a VR like movie theater
and look at a hundred inch or like a 500 inch screen, whatever it is?
Yeah.
I think that's like way more viable because when you try to do that before, it just looks
like a shitty big screen.
I think now it can potentially look like a good big screen.
So that is fantastic.
It didn't fix the field of view thing.
They're still like black on the sides.
Like I said, it's not a deal breaker, but it does help a lot.
And then I don't think that I'm sure it's like way more comfortable than all the other
things that were built before it.
But then the day it's still a bulky single user device that goes around your head.
So anything you're going to be doing in it is going to be solo and you're going to be
working.
There's like kind of weird thing on your head.
Yeah.
Did I imagine that like a year ago or maybe longer when the rumors around their AR device
would like Apple has had this for years as like a big rumor, right?
Did I imagine that it was about like glasses?
I thought there were glasses and it's very much a headset.
If you did comment yesterday that I wish they aimed for something less ambitious.
So it was just like way lower profile, like a slimmer profile thing, maybe just like glasses
and it can't really do all this crazy stuff.
It just shows you like alerts or like kind of like watch the Google glass.
That was like a decade ago.
Yeah.
And I've tried the Google glass and again that had the very clear issue of like you're looking
through this tiny rectangle and you have like a tiny rectangle in your vision for a yeah.
So I mean, I guess they could have aimed for something smaller, but I think they're going
for crazy, crazy high-end, maybe really high-end small niche high-end user base and then kind
of build down from there like make it smaller, less featured over time.
Yeah, cheaper.
Yeah.
At the end of the day, like I said, I have been like an enthusiast in this space.
When I look at this device, it's still to me feels like an enthusiast device, one, just
a price point.
Yeah.
I think I want to say that I find annoying is whenever something like big and potentially
game changer like this comes out, people just like generically apply previous logic as though
it like automatically apply.
So everyone's like, oh, yeah.
But people said the iPhone was too expensive.
Like Steve bomber like has that quote where he like was completely wrong about the iPhone.
Yeah.
Therefore that like same complaint, they just think that that's going to play out again
on that because it's happened once, but that's like missing actually thinking about the details.
It is very expensive, like $3,500 is a luxury item for something that you're just going
to use alone to do activities that I never do alone like watch movies or like look at
photos.
Like, you know, it's like, it's like the demos are so cool, but they were like so weirdly
solo to me, like really stuck out like, how would I ever be doing this alone?
Yeah.
So you don't, you don't think we're all going to walk around with them at some point in
the future?
Like, are we going to all just be interacting with each other through these things?
I think that it's going to be like what we're doing now where me and you have a relationship
that is very, very digital.
And if both of us have this device, we can like bridge that gap to a, we can like make
it a better experience.
So I think, yeah, I think that's very cool, like creating like really cool social experiences
with that.
But also that was not part of demo at all.
So they haven't gotten to a point where they're like, here's what multiplayer looks.
I mean, they have like the basic FaceTime example.
The FaceTime thing.
Yeah.
But like, I didn't see too much of like play a game together.
Like, I want some like crazy killer app where it's like, you get, you put this thing on,
you have four friends in different parts of the world, you all put it on and you're playing
some kind of crazy like quote unquote board game together, but it's like crazy because
like, you know, there's like visual stuff that can happen and like three stuff that can
happen.
Like a, like a Dungeons & Dragons person situation.
Now we're talking.
Yeah.
Do you play like sellers of guitar?
Can I start talking about that would be so fun.
Like, me and you could be like, but like with like real like building, you're like building
real walls.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And like you can see like, you know, if you can attack another thing, you let an army go.
You can imagine some like a demo like that.
Yeah.
Would really capture some people's imaginations and make it feel like, oh yeah, I need to
have this thing.
But yeah, I think we're right.
I mean, I think it's fair that they're just releasing a platform effectively to build a
lot of those things.
So maybe we will see some of those killer applications, but it's just a classic chicken
and egg thing.
So the VR has always been the market of people isn't big enough.
So like really warrants a high end, someone invests in like a high end experience for
it.
Apple of any company, maybe you can can pull that off.
So that's why I guess I thought Apple would eventually pull this off.
I didn't expect in 2023 for just be a VR headset.
In the last 10 years, I mean, I remember when VR had a big moment like eight years ago,
and there were all these VR startups and they were all getting a ton of funding.
And I've just always thought like, that's just, it's like a gaming device or something,
right?
Like we're, it's not going to be like mass market appeal, because it's just weird to,
you're not going to like walk around with the thing, but the AR thing seemed like to
me, if we could all just have like designer glasses and we can see all kinds of other
things in the world and interact with digital stuff in the physical world, that just seemed
like, I could imagine that being this next phase of computing, like after mobile, there's
like this real world stuff.
And I thought Apple would lead the way there.
So I guess when I heard those rivers for last three years or whatever, I've just always
assumed they're working on some cool stylish glass, glass thing, glasses.
And it's going to be awesome.
And it's going to be mass market.
And this is not that.
Yeah.
I think the technologies isn't there.
It's like so difficult to pull off that.
That's another reason why people keep comparing this iPhone.
I don't think it's the right comparison.
The iPhone made bulky technology way more invisible, right?
Yeah.
We went from having these like phones with like keyboard on them that you would type into
to like this.
Yeah.
Very natural.
The whole innovation was a multi touch screen and that felt like less technology in a lot
of ways, right?
It was felt like way more touching some natural and intuitive and it made things more invisible.
This is the opposite, right?
This is making, this is like the opposite of invisible, like strapping this $4,000 device
onto it.
They kept cracking up something about, they had this one demo where it was like the person
on the airplane, like putting this on and wearing it.
I'm like, that is cool.
Cause then you can have, you can like go through a flight and have like whatever cool experience
you want.
Yeah.
But something about sitting on a plane with a $4,000 device to your head.
It's like, this is, and like they kept showing people like using it in public and I'm like,
I don't want to obscure my vision like that in public, like, oh no, it's going to come
in, like rob me or like do something to me like you feel very vulnerable, walking around
the streets with that thing on your face.
Yeah, exactly.
So I see this as like a home device, but again, anything I do at home, I'm doing with Liz,
like, like what do you do?
Do you do any kind of like entertainment thing alone, like not with your family?
Like, no.
So an, an apple to me has always been like a very like family company.
I feel like they're always like building stuff for you to like do with like your family and
stuff.
It feels like real, this feels like Android stuff to be honest, feels like very like single
and like bachelor and like you're, you live in an apartment.
The only thing you have is like a mattress on the floor and then this like headset on the
ground next to it, you know, I have two questions.
And maybe I just need to watch a video, uh, but is it has a wire that like goes down to
something?
It's just a battery pack.
So you can you put the water pack in your, I guess next to you if you're sitting on the
couch or you can plug it into the wall or like you put it in your pocket.
If you're walking around with it.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I guess my real question is, does this, this format, what is the word I'm looking
for?
Does this, uh, form of the thing evolve down to the thing I wish existed or no?
I mean, I would like to believe so, but part of me is like, I don't know, I, I maybe I'm
just not being imaginative enough.
I don't know how it could just because like the reason it can't just be cool classes is
you need to have something like wraps around your eyes to achieve a certain effect.
Right.
Those glasses, one of those called the like stunner, one of those called those glasses
that take really wrap all the way around the pit by vipers.
Yeah.
Like Ken Wheeler glasses, like maybe like that.
Okay.
I mean, maybe, but then the cause you, it can't let like light in, it has to like control
the amount.
And be it like community, sex, image quality, so there's that and there's a whole power
thing.
And this, this device is a hundred percent limited by battery tech.
Right.
Yeah.
Because you want to get higher quality uses more energy, which means a battery life is
lower.
So we're not getting context is what you're telling me.
This is not evolving down to, I can imagine the future thing we want.
And I'm like, I think that requires a completely different technology.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised if that requires you to like put something in your brain.
I don't know.
I feel like it might just end up being a totally different approach.
Wow.
I'm just guessing.
I mean, this is all a complete sci-fi at this point.
But it's fun.
It's fun to hear your guesses, your guesses are entertaining again, as an enthusiast,
very intrigued.
But even as an enthusiast, $3, $500 for a device that just can exist inside the Apple ecosystem.
Like you can't, I can't like plug into my computer and play like my games with it.
I don't know.
It's a bit tricky.
Definitely like a splurge purchase that I just want to like try out and it'd be a cool
thing that people come over and try.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Would you, would you have any interest?
As a developer to build something for it, like does that sound fun?
I think my imagination is definitely like, I'm definitely like having a ton of ideas
of stuff that I would love to exist.
I don't think I have the skill set to make any of that.
So I'm excited for other people to do it.
But AI, Dax, just like, I have AI do it.
Whatever you can't do.
I use AI to do it.
So I love people who want to do that better than me.
Okay.
Like I said this, I want some tabletop experience where like, like Legos or like just something
that like makes.
Oh, what, what was that?
There was a demo of that.
Somebody doing like a Minecraft, like a table.
What is that from?
This, this always is a thing that gets demoed and never released.
So there were a few demos of this.
When was a Microsoft HoloLens?
Microsoft thing.
Yeah.
HoloLens.
What happened to that?
Did it just die?
It ended up getting decent adoption in like military and like industrial uses.
But again, just, it's kind of just going to niche this whole thing is like a niche market
still.
And I think they actually shuttered that division in like the past year or something.
Okay.
Can I, can I give you like my AR like this is, it's actually my wife's like vision for how
AR could fix society.
So there's like all these jobs that nobody wants to do anymore because they're just,
they're awful.
I don't know if I've told you this before.
This is like a billion dollar startup ideas for whoever wants to, to solve societies problems.
We constantly, they don't come get our trash because they don't have enough people.
And like this week, we're just not picking up the trash and that sucks.
But then it's like, wow, first world problems.
I feel bad.
Like, I don't want to pick up trash.
So I get that like people don't want to do that job.
But what if everybody had little AR glasses, okay?
And you could gamify picking up the trash, okay?
And they could get like bonuses or something based on how good they do driving the truck
or doing the thing.
It's this, is this super cringy?
Should I stop talking now?
You're looking at me.
Kind of funny.
I don't know.
I, I, I guess I'm not seeing the, I understand the premise, but I don't know why you need
AR to like do that.
Oh, like, I don't know.
Like what are they going to like hold, pull their phone out?
Like it's got a track.
It'd have to like make it fun.
Like you're shooting down alien spaceships or something.
And those are the trash cans.
I don't know.
It's something to make it like actually entertaining.
Like it's completely different.
Yeah.
Or here's what's up.
Here's a better idea.
You can buy, you can buy it for your family and it could just like blur out the trash in
front of your house.
That's like it's not even there.
It's just living in Phil.
Yeah.
I'm going to have some rat issues and disease and that kind of stuff.
But other than that, it sounds fantastic.
Well, I mean, assume like someday maybe we could make robots, like humanoid robots.
I don't know.
Boston dynamic.
Whatever.
I think, I think your issue.
But this is just that your local government doesn't have enough money.
Isn't that the root issue?
Probably.
That's yeah.
There's no money in this area.
So are you saying like in cities, like people get paid well enough to do the job and enjoy
it?
And I think that the amount for these types of jobs, it just like you just need to pay.
If people don't want to do, you've got to keep increasing the price you're paying for
it.
Yeah.
I would, I would pay a lot more for our trash to be picked up.
It's a version of this conversation before and I think it doesn't go well.
I'm going to stop now.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you brought this up a while ago.
So I feel it.
It's funny that this trash issue seems to be a recurring combination for you guys.
I mean, yeah, it's it affects my life.
That's really crazy.
Yeah.
We don't only have two bins.
We can.
And then one, what do we do?
Once they're full.
It's like we're putting trash bags in the garage.
I mean, it's again, first of all problems.
I'm super privileged.
I'm very lucky.
This is not a major issue, but it just, it makes me think.
It is a major issue in that like dealing with like a cities or a trash, like a foundational
like, yeah, part of this, that's like a low level, like part of building a society, right?
Yeah.
If that's not working, like a lot of other stuff isn't working.
Maybe this is just where I live problem and small, local economies.
We have this weird thing where, so we don't have an issue with the trash because then
people come and get the trash and recycling all that is great.
We, and it works so well that I don't understand this, but when I moved into my house, my landlord
is like points across the street and he's like, you see that empty spot across the street?
You can just dump shit there.
Just like anything you don't want to dump there.
And I was like, I don't think I heard him right.
I don't think I heard him right, but yeah, every week, a random truck shows up and they
will take literally whatever is there and put on the truck.
And I don't even know if this is part of the city, this is like on top, like this is separate
from the normal city trucks that you're just like, this is like a separate company.
Just people who want stuff or like, if you put anything that you want to get rid of from
your garage on the side of the street here in the Ozarks, you can just post it on like
Facebook marketplace and like it's free and someone will be here within 10 minutes like
every single time.
No matter what it is, like really, you can put anything out there.
You've got a ton of like scrap wood and people eat up the wood.
They want wood really bad.
Apparently.
There you go.
There's something you can take care of by the people.
Yeah.
Some of it.
They don't take your trash though.
I get that's not as attractive.
Okay, we just need you in this episode because my brain, I think I'm just done.
I've said all the words my brain could say and I have to pee.
It's been fun.
I should go a podcast episode where I don't mention that I have to pee.
We edit that out, Chris.
Let's just try and get one episode right off every podcast episode of you saying, okay,
I have to go accept it feels like that's ever it's the end of every one of them.
It feels like that's the case.
I'm bad.
You're over hydrating.
I guess so.
I thought your privacy was helping you figure this out.
She's giving up on me.
I'm an adult.
I can figure it out.
Okay.
It's been fun, Dax.
As always.
Cool.
See ya.
Bye.